But I still advise you to take it easy
Otherwise, it's not just a simple matter like the demise of the Qin family
Don't tighten your fists
It's definitely us who will suffer now
What to do then?
procrastination
From the looks of Sun Quan, he shouldn't know about us yet. As long as he can drag the people from the Criminal Department to come, it will be fine.
Why don't you give up?
I also hope that His Majesty can help
You're just pissed off
Stop being delusional
Sun Qian, what are you doing here today?
Hahaha, what are you doing here?
Of course to kill you
So blatant
Aren't you afraid of national laws?
I originally wanted to stabilize it for you.
But then I thought about it.
Too lazy to toss
It's better to kill you
Besides, our Sun family is very concerned about condemning the dead
Still do it
Blame your Qin family
It's not good to offend anyone
You must offend our Sun family
court death
Besides, of course the law of the country works for you untouchables
It's just a decoration for us
This is the situation now
You can't blame me.
Blame it on your bad life
Wrong tire
Somebody take it for me